hi guys this is nick from phoneDog and
we are in New York City for the
unveiling of the all new HTC One let's
go inside and see what HTC of new
flagship has to offer and here we have
the all new HTC One m8 this device was
just announced today in New York City as
expected and the device does live up to
the expectations we had if you've been
following the leaks you pretty much know
everything there is to know about the
device
like last year's model is made of a
single piece of aluminum that's crafted
all around the sides
slightly different from last year last
year's had polycarbonate in sets into
the sides of the life this one here
wraps around
on both sides even the bottom we have
3.5 millimeter headphone jack at the
bottom micro SD micro USB
front facing room sound stereo speakers
5 megapixel front facing camera
on the back we have the 4 megapixel
ultrapixel camera will LED flash this
actually is not a secondary camera
sensor like previously implied it's
actually a depth sensor which acc uses
to gauge the depth for images which
allows the users to refocus the images
after the fact
as far as we have the power button right
up top I'm software side we're looking
at HTC Sense 6 HTC is referred to it a
couple times as the sixth sense which is
part true but a little gimmicky as far
as the name goes user interface on the
surface looks very similar to HTC Sense
5 the icons are pretty familiar the
interaction with the software are pretty
familiar but ACC has done some
improvements to blinkfeed they're
actually opening it up to third-party
developers to integrate their
application data and from there one of
the partners that they announced is
Fitbit so you'll be able to download a
new Fitbit application which pulls in
information directly at the bleep feet
so you do not have to open to fit the
application to get that detail and then
going to jump into the camera here
because this is one of the highlights
the new camera is completely redesigned
if you jump over here this gives you the
different scenes that are available and
you have the regular camera video Zoey
Anna ramic 360 dual capture mode and
then selfie mode HSE is making a big
push for the camera on the all-nude HTC
One they're open the software tweaks in
that image sent the depth sensor on the
back of the device will allow the device
to give you some truly unique camera
action
and that's it this is a basic look at
the all new HTC One m8 stay tuned for
more coverage